hey guys today I just wanted to share
with you the items that I got in my
April GlossyBox this is my first box
since November last year I think um so
it actually says march on the glossy mag
that it comes with so I don't know how
that works if this is the April box or
the March box received it in April I
guess that kind of really doesn't matter
so anyway um you get the glossy mag
which basically has cool little articles
and makeup in fashion tips really neat
um then the good stuff then here i love
these boxes i love saving them and then
I'll do like modge podge on the top of
it with like magazine pages or calendar
pages pretty cool so first thing you see
on top is the little card that they send
with the message and then on the inside
it lists all of the products that you
received this month and immediately on
top I have the prestige lavender soap
which smells very lavender E and a
little bit of lemon also um let's see on
the card it says the bar soap is made
from the highest quality of all natural
ingredients I'm huge on lashes you guys
probably know and this smells a little
bit more harsh than lush soaps I guess
maybe a little bit stronger than what
I'm used to but regardless I'll sceles
it and it also comes with a forty dollar
gift certificate towards any natural
handmade back and body product from
prestige alright next item is the pixie
lid last shadow pen and I've actually
used this twice already and I love it
the color they sent is shell Sheen it's
really pretty and it's really nice for
just those makeup no makeup days I guess
so that is what it looks like and then
I'll swatch it on I and I don't know if
you guys can see it it's just a pretty
shimmery pink color so I'm definitely
impressed with that product next product
I was a little iffy about um because of
the packaging it's the model co cheek
and lips tint and rosy red and the
packaging reminded me of something that
might be early 90s um I don't know for
those of you who are around my age maybe
you know what I'm talking about how
makeup used to look back then I guess
it's kind of cool kind of retro um and I
also use this twice and it's actually a
little bit scary to use but once you get
the hang of it it works out okay so
basically I haven't used it on my lips
I've been using it on my cheeks and it
comes out this put just a little bit
this really scary color smells good too
so it's a really deep like almost blood
red you're supposed to tap it
and basically gets you like a just a
blush color so I like it so far no
complaints okay and then I have just
three more items for this month the next
one I have not used yet it's the elite
Paris Matt liner in matte brown and
haven't even opened it and looked at the
wand yet oh that's nice it's a stiff
wand so should be easy to apply and try
it out tomorrow for work the next item i
love when i get sample sizes for hair
products because they're easy to throw
on my back it's the professional
Sebastian shaper fierce finishing
hairspray and then the last item since
this was my first month coming back to
them I use the promo code to get an OPI
nail polish and this is liquid sand as
the product line and the colors can't
let go so I'm not really sure that the
sands a glittery dries to a textured
matte finish infuse with reflective
lengths of light so I'm going to try
this out today because I just took off
my gel polish and girls are looking a
little scary um but it's a cool purple
color I like it um so basically that is
all that I got in my March April colossi
box um trying to get back into the field
of filming videos again it feels a
little bit awkward um but I really
really want to start doing this again i
miss it i miss blogging ah oh awesome is
here he's sniffing you guys out on the
tripod so I hope he doesn't knock you
over
like I said we moved into a new house so
I have an office this is the only corner
of my office that I have set up so far
everything else is kind of an explosion
so I'm waiting to get a desk and you
know get cool decor items I'm really
excited for that and I hope you guys
hold thumbs up this video and subscribe
and I'll see you guys next time bye